The article regarding the grades by Alfie Kohn describes the effects of the grades on students ability and learning capabilities. The author also feels that grading system is not the correct way to judge students intellectual process of learning.
The author also feels that tests are particularly not the efficient method to judge but rather look at the process of how the student has arrived to that answer to a particular question. In previous semester, i had a subject where i put my full efforts to score a 'A' in that but ended up getting a 'B'. But throughout the semester, i scored over 93 percentile in all my assignments but i lost my marks in project due to the difference in perspectives at looking at the project's topic.
Due to this, all my efforts i put for the project did not bring me my A grade but i gained knowledge. However, grades are the first thing people/companies ask for when enquiring about your academic performance.

Personally, grades for me is a parameter which marks your performance according to the grader's perspective. For a student, his efforts might be to the fullest but the expectations of the grader might be of a higher level due to the higher level of knowledge and experience which is a huge difference with respect to the student's perspective. And i also think it is kind of unfair to grade according to what the grader thinks rather than looking at the efforts and the methods used by the student to do a particular task.

IF grades were removed from the course, the only motivation for students to learn that particular course is to assess students' idea and methodologies to which they are putting forward to complete a particualr task. If this would be a method to assess, then every student would gain some motivation to study different ways to come up with different solutions to a task which will also enhance and broaden the thinking skills and also will keep students engaged on ideas rather than having them study just for grades which will not make them gain any knowledge. Ultimately, education is all about knowledge and not grades which is what the author Alfie Kohn has mentioned in his article.

Assignments are tasks that practically teach us about a topic which we learnt theoritically. Assignments should be engaging to students by focusing on step by step progress of the subject's concepts rather than focusing on grading and testing students ability to answer the questions which would not bring out the creativity out of students. Like mentioned before, education system should focus on bringing out students' creativity and strengthening the ideology and not focusing on grades.
